catania uses many devices and one of
these is known as the school pigeon the
school begin is a dedicated plainclothes
policemen who cleverly disguised
infiltrates the very heart of the
criminal underworld by posing as another
member of the gang he is on his own the
stool pigeon must live by his wits all
right let me just go over the plans okay
hey I don't know haven it all is this
the spot on nifty's hey yeah I'm
sparking if there what do you want all
the new gang member pc waters pc
mourners uh Peter Charles warmers gnarly
I mean I thought it was a copper oh no
sir who sent you the boss sent me well
you better come and sit down because
we're just going over there playing for
you now tell me gonna ride without my
keys hey man singh oh alright so maybe I
listen carefully cuz this could be one
of the greatest rape
it's right sides of a plan right now
look we leave the guarantee jus street
at exactly ten o'clock and the brown car
right now brown car and the brown Jim
Jim Jim I'm sorry so I just want the
facts look you don't write anything down
keep it there you're in and Yuri GG your
egg certainly get it good right there
wasn't the motor procedure I was taught
at term damn college hello you got to be
outside the bank before 10 15 write that
in you Vince you take the van and you
can park it round this corner here well
I'll do that well why not a double
yellow lines no parking even fun loading
between the hours of 6 30am and 8 30
pier listen wise guy whose side are you
on I'm on the side of the criminal right
hello I'll time it right down the last
second at 10 22 the security van comes
up to the back door with a face at 1024
exactly the safe is blown now that will
give us 30 seconds to get from the safe
in at the getaway now gentlemen that's
enough hey I have a nasty surprise for
you I am NOT a criminal I am in fact a
stool pigeon you what I am a
plainclothes police officer in disguise
Sam I superintendent Jackson CID whoa so
my sergeant pepper criminal records so
am I please constable Raymond francis QD
vision please warn battery pasta c
division by me we're all coppers you
mean this isn't a very heart of the
criminal underworld well some of
Britain's most notorious villains what
are we gonna do super can you bear
estates up yeah